Do not follow proverbs blindly.
There is no defeat in Go.
If you don't know ladders, don't play Go.
If you don't like ko, don't play Go.
Lose your first 50 games as quickly as possible.
Only after the 10th punch will you see the fist.
The threat is stronger than it's execution.
Learning Joseki loses two stones of strength.
If it has a name, know it.
The opponent's key point is your key point.
Play on the point of symmetry.
Sente gains nothing.
When in doubt, Tenuki.
Don't go fishing while your house is on fire.
There is death in the Hane.
Hane, Cut, Placement
Capture three to get an eye.
Six die but eight live on the second line,
Four die but six live.
Four is five and five is eight and six is twelve.
Strange things happen at the one-two point.
Eyes win semeais.
Check escape routes first.
A three-move approach ko is not a ko.
Only enclosed groups can be killed.
Learn the eyestealing tesuji.
The Carpenter's square becomes ko.
The L group is dead.
The door group is dead.
Respond to attachment with hane.
Hane at the head of two stones.
Crosscut then extend.
Capture the cutting stones.
Beginners play atari.
The empty triangle is bad.
The one-point jump is never bad.
Don't try to cut the one point jump.
From one, two. From two, three.
Strike at the waist of the keima.
Cutting right through a knight's move is very big.
Do not peep at cutting points.
Even a moron connects against a peep.
Add a second stone and sacrifice both.
Use contact moves for defence.
Never ignore a shoulder hit.
The bamboo joint may be short of liberties.
Nets are better than ladders.
Answer the capping play with a knight's move.
Approach from the wider side.
Block on the wider side.
Play at the centre of three stones.
Answer keima with kosumi.
Five liberties for tactical stability.
Capture stones caught in a ladder at the earliest opportunity.
Two hanes gain a liberty.
The strong player plays straight, the weak plays diagonal.
This is no connection in the carpenter's triangle.
Play double sente early.
Remove mutual ko threats before the ko.
Urgent points before big points.
Play away from thickness.
Don't use thickness to make territory.
Make territory whilst attacking.
A ponnuki is worth thirty points.
Make a fist before striking.
Don't try to enclose when you have an open skirt.
Attach to the stronger stone in a pincer.
Make a feint to the east while attacking in the west.
A rich man should not pick quarrels.
Play kikashi before living.
Reduction is worth as much as an invasion.
Invade a moyo one move before it becomes territory.
Don't touch weak stones.
Make weak walk along with weak.
Five groups might live but the sixth will die.
Big dragons never die.
Grab the shape points in kikashi.
Give your opponent what they want.
Avoid ippoji.
Sacrifice plums for peaches.
Don't trade a dollar for a penny.
Don't throw an egg at a wall.
There are no ko threats in the opening.
Strengthening your own weak group makes your opponent's weaker.
Never upset your star-point stones.
Greed for the wi takes the win away.
Fourth line for influence, third line for territory.
If you have lost four corner's resign.
Don't push from behind.
Don't push along the second line.
Riding the tiger it is difficult to get off.
Don't push if you are not going to cut.
You need half the points, plus one.
There are no ladders in a nine-stone game. A ladder is six spaces wide.
Each move in a failed ladder costs seven points.